![facebook](facebook.png)![twitter](twitter.png)
![telegram](telegram.png) [![youtube](youtube.png)
](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCtPeiP4cn2K19fH3y7o2tOg)

Phemex’s [Proof-of-reserves (PoR) tool](https://phemex.com/proof-of-reserves)
now allows all users to verify all their account balances against our wallet
reserve assets. To learn more about Proof-of-reserves, please read [What is
the Phemex Proof-of-Reserves (PoR)?](https://phemex.com/user-guides/what-is-
the-phemex-proof-of-reserves-por-tool)

Here is a step-by-step guide on how to use the [Phemex PoR
tool](https://phemex.com/proof-of-reserves):

1\. Log into your Phemex account.

![](image1.jpg)

2\. On the top right corner of the page, click on **Assets**

![](ScreenPoRearly1-1024x248.png)

3\. You can find your **Hashed Client ID** under the **Deposit** ,
**Withdraw** , and **Transfer** buttons on this **Overview** page. Click the
**Copy** button next to it.

  * Note that only user main accounts can see Client Hashed ID and check Proof-of-Reserves. All sub-account assets have been aggregated to the main account (trading bonuses are not counted).

![](ScreenPoRearly2-1024x396.png)

4\. Then, click the **Proof of Reserves** button.

![](ScreenPoRearly3-1024x396.png)

5\. Paste your ID into the **Hashed Client ID** field on the Proof-of-Reserves
page. Note that our Proof-of-Reserve tool now allows you to select the
specific time for which to check reserves data.

![](PoRedited1-1024x643.png)

6\. Click the **Find My Balance** button next to the field.

![](PoRedited2-1024x643.png)

7\. Your account balances will now populate for each of the supported
currencies. Please note that “USD” incorporates your balance of USDT, USDC,
and USD.

![](PoRedited3-1024x634.png)

8\. Click the **Check** button below all the balances to see the exact
location of your hashed data within the Merkle tree.

![](PoRedited4-1024x634.png)

9\. You can now see where your funds are located on a simplified Merkle tree
for each available asset type (can be toggled from the dropdown menu above).
The Merkle Tree Root Hash is also available on the right. Feel free to click
**View Full Tree** to see the entire Merkle Tree proof.

![](PoRedited5-1024x643.png)

10\. Note that you can now also see our platform’s total liabilities
associated with the available assets directly on the Merkle Tree. The top
merkle root hash displays the total deposits from all users on our platform
for that asset, which can also be interpreted as our total liabilities for the
asset. This information is viewable for BTC, ETH, and USD (including USDT +
USDC) respectively.

![](ScreenPoR6.png)

11\. Feel free to compare our total liabilities to the total assets in
reserves within a portion of our wallets. Our wallets are listed on the right
side of the Proof-of-reserves page.

![](PoRedited6-1024x643.png)

  * **NOTE** : The sum of all Phemex balances/liabilities must be equal to or lower than the total assets in reserve within our published wallets. This means we have more than enough real assets in reserve to back up your balances and that of all other Phemex users.

* * *

For any inquiries contact us at
[support@phemex.zendesk.com](mailto:support@phemex.zendesk.com)

Follow our official **[Twitter](https://twitter.com/Phemex_official) |** Join
our community on **[Telegram](https://t.me/Phemex_EN)**

**Trade crypto on the go: **[Download for
iOS](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/phemex/id1499601684) | [Download for
Android](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.phemex.app&hl=en)****

**[Phemex](https://phemex.com/) | **Break Through, Break Free

